Content Updates (#280)
karakun/karakun.github.io: you-at-karakun.md

---

## Love where you work

> Karakun exists because we believe that good software empowers people – instead of frustrating them. 

Reviewer: as "frustrating" is a very negative word, maybe we should rather say "holding them back", WDYT ?

```suggestion
Karakun exists because we believe that good software empowers people – instead of holding them back them. 
```

Author: agreed

Since 2018, we have been developing solutions that simplify work, improve processes and ensure user satisfaction. 
Our teams bring together many years of combined experience in software engineering, consultancy and research.

Using agile methodologies, state-of-the-art Java and web technologies, and our own open-source expertise, we develop customised applications where standard software reaches its limits. 
We support our clients from concept to operation – with flexible teams, modern architecture and a clear focus on sustainable software quality. 
Whether it’s end-to-end development, technology consultancy or AI-powered speech and text analysis – we design digital solutions that make a difference.

## Stay up to date
At Karakun, we mostly use open source projects and tools in our daily business. 
Since we strongly believe in open source we have a history of active contributions to many of these technologies.
To always be up-to-date, we attend high-profile conferences like JavaLand, Devoxx, Jfokus or JCON. 

> Plus, we do internal hackathons and sponsor meetups like Hackergarten or JUGs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plus, we do internal CodeCamps and sponsor meetups like Hackergarten or JUGs. 
```

Author: agreed and changed.

And last but not least, we are co-organizers of [BaselOne](https://baselone.org/){:target="_blank"} - a 2-day community event in the heart of Basel (Switzerland).

> We are  proud to be the home of Java Champions, Java Rockstars, Oracle Groundbreakers and Java book authors. 

Reviewer: It would be "Oracle Groundbreaker Ambassadors", but as the program is not actie anymore i tend to remove it

```suggestion
We are  proud to be the home of Conference speakers, Java Champions, Java Rockstars and Java book authors. 
```
